Introduction
This report can help those who are planning to start a new business such as a Handicraft  shop in Toronto, Canada and need to find the best location for the shop.

Background

Toronto is the most populous city in Canada. It is diverse and is the financial capital of the country. It is multicultural. It provides lot of business opportunities and business friendly environment. It has attracted many different players into the market. It is a global hub of business and commerce. The city is a major center for banking and finance, retailing, world trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new media, traditional media, advertising, legal services, accountancy, insurance, theater, fashion, and the arts in Canada.
This also means that the market is highly competitive. As it is highly developed city so cost of doing business is also one of the highest. Thus, any new business venture or expansion needs to be analysed carefully. The insights derived from analysis can give good understanding of the business environment which help in strategically targeting the market. This will help in reduction of risk. And the Return on Investment will be reasonable.
Selecting the right location for a business is one of the first and very important decisions in running a business. Starting a new business in a metropolitan city such as Toronto can be challenging. Toronto has 140 neighborhoods with various places that attract tourists and people to visit. Neighborhoods of Toronto are different in terms of different factors that can directly affect the success chance of business. It is important to evaluate different neighborhoods based on the factors that are important for running a successful business such as the number of competitors and the potential demand in that neighborhood. 

Business Problem
This project  trying to help to find the best neighborhood in Toronto to open a Handicraft shop. The challenge is to find a suitable neighborhood which is close enough to some amenities and venues, has fewer competitors.  A Handicraft shop is good to be near a place,  many people visit such as park, garden, cafe shop, playground, shopping center and so on. Also, a neighborhood that has fewer competitors is less risky for starting a new business. In this project attempt to rank 
the neighborhoods by consideration the amenities around and the number of competitors.
